now fires up the side of the net just
missing on the short side Smith fans on
the puck Big D was gonna be able to hold
in here is he my Apple B again le after
ear Sun spinning away trying to get fine
Dakota murmurs but he likes the puck
more thing you can see is Connor McDavid
is flying already oh my gosh he is
dangling people left right and center it
was flashbacks to game number two when
he had that rush from his own zone it
was a beautiful thing and he almost
duplicated it here in game number four
boy is he ever an exciting player to
watch every time he has the puck on his
stick
and our box with a mystery
they win the faceoff that here's Travis
Dermot Centrepointe here's ought to make
table on the nearside circle back for
German moves in McDavid holds it's the
Dermot again looking Graeme Le Dermot
lanes McDavid long the goal line back
Graeme Le wheels Center gives off one
that sets up
the post agent of sweets grew happily
just enough
three go
Nick fat teeth with the powerplay call
his sixth power play goal this
postseason his wiener all set we can
play again here from the Erie Insurance
arena
it's Travis German here he's still on
the man advanced for 90 seconds and
Baptiste this complete in half pass the
puck on down low for McDavid around
Brown gives off the stroll to the point
it's Travis Dermot sells it looks back
to stroll left wing circle moving near
side McDavid Dermott at the point moves
into the slot back for McDavid wheels
down the goal line drop passers Baptiste
firing
five it too
so was hurt
what skips on nearsighted slipper
back bouncing puck lit Burgess turns
into the zone on the stick
and know the honors play
control is Elliott shuffles in team to
break it after to the air corner around
by Carlisle David in to help out also
wheel from brown heads over on the far
side llama going now wheels back in line
otter birth back go to the far side and
on to the point he'll play at a wrist
shot through traffic
allow it to bring it
or
jerk on his back is Jiri Springs ahead
for gentle stroll Lisa for McDavid
left-wing side whose it had faked one
more pass and fine stroll but behind
them is back from McDavid wheeling into
the slot now here comes 97